README.md, before:

## Hi👋, I am Abhas Sharma
I am a Sophomore at Bhagwan Parshuram Institute of Technology,GGSIPU based in Delhi pursuing Btech in CSE building connections with great minds and solving problems that serve the society

<!--
**sabhas808922/sabhas808922** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
## 🚀 What I'm Up To

- Curiously learning while advancing my life journey besides seeking the opportunities to hone my skills and fullfill my potential
- Writing technical articles and sharing knowledge with the developer community
- updating soon...


## 💻 Tech Stack

```python
{
    'Languages': ['Java', Python', 'C/C++', 'JavaScript', 'SQL', 'Bash'],
    'Databases': ['Firebase', 'MongoDB', 'MySql']
}
```


## 📚 Certifications

- OOPs in CPP
- Java core
- Java Advance
<!--
- Machine Learning Specialization - Stanford (Coursera)
- Deep Learning Specialization - Stanford (Coursera)
- Docker, Swarm, and Kubernetes - Bret Fisher
- Web Development Bootcamp 2024 - Angela Yu
-->


## 📫 Connect With Me

Let's connect and build something amazing together!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat-square&logo=LinkedIn&logoColor=white)]([https://www.linkedin.com/in/arnav-gupta-437a66256/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhas-sharma1203/))
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=GitHub&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/sabhas808922)

Commit message:

Revise introduction in README.md
Updated academic status from Sophomore to Penultimate.

README.md, after:

## Hi👋, I am Abhas Sharma
I am a Btech Penultimate at Bhagwan Parshuram Institute of Technology,GGSIPU based in Delhi doing Computer Science and Engineering along building connections with great minds, solving problems that serve the society

<!--
**sabhas808922/sabhas808922** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
## 🚀 What I'm Up To

- Curiously learning while advancing my life journey besides seeking the opportunities to hone my skills and fullfill my potential
- Writing technical articles and sharing knowledge with the developer community
- updating soon...


## 💻 Tech Stack

```python
{
    'Languages': ['Java', Python', 'C/C++', 'JavaScript', 'SQL', 'Bash'],
    'Databases': ['Firebase', 'MongoDB', 'MySql']
}
```


## 📚 Certifications

- OOPs in CPP
- Java core
- Java Advance
<!--
- Machine Learning Specialization - Stanford (Coursera)
- Deep Learning Specialization - Stanford (Coursera)
- Docker, Swarm, and Kubernetes - Bret Fisher
- Web Development Bootcamp 2024 - Angela Yu
-->


## 📫 Connect With Me

Let's connect and build something amazing together!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat-square&logo=LinkedIn&logoColor=white)]([https://www.linkedin.com/in/arnav-gupta-437a66256/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhas-sharma1203/))
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=GitHub&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/sabhas808922)
